Just famously has a feature
called snapshot testing, and
I'm going to leave to you if you
think this is a good idea or not.
But we're gonna do it together so
that you can see what it's like.
So create a new test here and
we're going to do this with results.js.
So create a new file inside
of the test directory,
call results.test.js.
And we need to get one
more thing out of here,
we're gonna say npm
install-Dreact-test-render dots.
So, render that one always
throws me off @17.0.1,
this is from the official react team.
This is how they do, this is a test
render that they provide to you.
Basically, we're gonna do is we're gonna
create low cost, low confidence tests.
Okay, so now that we have that
we're gonna say import expect and
test from at jest slash Global's.
We're going to import create
from react, test, render.
And we're going to import
results from ../ results.
Okay, we're gonna test first
of all that it renders.
Let's just do a snapshot with no pets,
okay,
async I guess I'm going to
disappear doesn't have to be async.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna
say const tree = create results,
pets = empty array.
And then,
we're gonna say two JSON like that.
Okay, and then from here
we're gonna say expect tree.
Too much snapshot Now
what did I just do here?
Sometimes I ask myself that's What I did,
this I need it from up here, there we go.
So I render this out and then I call this
function called to match snapshot what
this is gonna do the first time it runs,
it's going to dump out to a snapshot
file and then in the future it's gonna
check if this has changed at all.
So let's just run it so
you can see what that looks like.
The first time is going to say
I'm gonna create a snapshot,
did one snapshot written.
So let's go take a look here in our test
directory, there's a snapshot directory.
You'll never write to these but
you will check them into Git.
This is what it looks like
when no pets found, right?
This is exactly what I expect it to
look like, so that's what a snapshot is.
This is the markup that I found, and
in the future it's going to check
to see if this has changed, right?
So if I go into results and
say no pet found,
and I do that and I run this again.
It's gonna fail, right,
because it is gonna say, Hey,
I expected to see no pets found like this.
And I found no pets found
with question marks.
So it's just making sure that over time
your app is not changing unexpectedly.
What if I expected this change?
What you would do is you'd
come back in here and
you would just say let's see it's good.
Remember mpx Jess help is update
snapshots or dash you okay?
So if I run npm run test
with nmp ---u like that.
This is actually gonna say, hey,
I know that the snapshots are now correct,
please rewrite them.
And now if you go look in here, one at all
past it says one snapshot updated, and
you can look in here.
Now the question marks are in there.
That's actually not what I want.
So I'm gonna go erase those, but
that is what a snapshot test does for you.
That's this, now, we wanna like
render it with some real pet data.
So I provided you some
here in the snapshots.
So if you wanna just import all of
this here, the other thing you can do
is you can actually just grab it directly
out of the API, which is really easy too.
It's the pets v2API/pets.
So if you go to that, and
then you can just raw data here.
We'll just grab all of the pets out
of here, whatever is easier for
you, you can also grab it from my notes.
I was just having a hard time doing
that on my little Mac trackpad here.
So there's a bunch of places you could
put this as like a test data.js,
you could put that in like it's
something you could import.
I'm just gonna copy and paste it here,
I know it makes my tests really long.
But it's that's okay with me const,
what did I call this in here Pets = blah.
And let's just go ahead and
get rid of all these line breaks so
I'll find > Shift+Enter, or
I can just copy one of these.
Find all the line breaks, and
replace that with, Nothing.
And that'll make it a little bit more
dense, and I just have to go back and
add line breaks, but luckily prettier is
very good at adding line breaks for me.
Okay, so now I can go down here to my
tests, and then I'm going to say test.
I guess we need to, we're gonna need
a static router up here as well, so
we're gonna say import.
Create, right no,
we don't, we don't need that,
we need Static router from
react router dom like that down
here at the bottom test, that
Renders correctly with some pets.
And when I say const r
equals create render r.
When I say r.render Results,
Pets = pets.
And then we're gonna expect
r.get renderedoutput.
To match snapshot.
I think they have to wrap
this in static render because
I think this has links it will,
Okay, so now if I run this npm run test,
What is failing here?
Test utils create render
is not a function, right,
I need shallow from up here,
so, test render
I'm also gonna have to add
test render/shallow.
And you can actually just replace that,
cuz it doesn't matter the old can use.
So actually at this point then
we don't need static router, so
we can get rid of that.
So let's explain that what's happening
here, let's go ahead and run this,
make sure it works.
Okay, and
then we'll look at our snapshot here.
So, one big thing about the test render
and snapshots is for the most part,
It'll actually render all
the way down the tree.
So it actually render out all these
individual pets as well, so we'll have all
the links, it'll have all the all that
stuff that comes with pet.js, right?
It's actually going to render all
of this markup with the images.
And for the most part, I'm writing
right now a test for results.js.
I actually don't care what pet looks
like because the pet tests should cover
pet.js and the results test should
only cover what's in results.js.
Why do I think that?
Because if the test and
results suggest fail,
I don't want it to fail because
something had failed, right?
I want it to fail because
something results failed, right?
So I'm trying to cut down my time
from failed tests to finding bugs.
Right, so everything should
have its own set of tests.
So that's why I'm doing
this shallow render.
The shallow render says like, cool, I'm
only gonna render out until I find like
another layer layer of abstraction
to another level of components.
And then I'm only going to render that,
so that's what I did here with pet.
It's not rendering pet,
it's just rendering everything that's
going in as props to pet Make sense?
That, Is it so,
we could have rewritten this and
we could have done this with all the
rendering down so you see all the divs and
images and pets but
I think that's a bad idea.
That's exactly what this
shallow renders for
oops, we want that in results
test such as this one.
That's what this shallow renders for,
we don't need that anymore, either.